[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
I've come to learn over
the course of my work
that some of my colleagues
and interviewees have
been obtaining insights
from great seers and channelers.
In fact, this has
always been the case
when it comes to great
insights and creations
as we're always in relationship
with the unseen realms,
whether we know it or not.
The wise among us
have always known this
and used it, from
kings and queens
to presidents, shamans, mystics,
artists and the rest of us.
Joan Walker was more
surprised than anyone
when a being from
another dimension
began speaking through her.
This began a 40 year
relationship with other realms,
and she's here with us today.
And it's so good to see you,
Joan, here on the set finally.
Because I just have to share
this little bit of back story.
People don't know
your name or your face
because you're the one
behind a lot of people
whose faces we have seen.
And you're the one that has
very quietly been offering
her services all these years
with no need for recognition.
But a few of us have asked
you to please come out
of the closet and share
this with the rest of us.
>>JOAN WALKER: Well,
it's been probably
about a 10 year evolution
to come out of the closet.
It was like I was very happy
to stay in the background
and just do what I
do and lead my life.
>>REGINA: Yes, well, your
life took an abrupt turn
a while back.
>>WALKER: Yeah, it did.
>>REGINA: I love the story
of how this all began
and how you finally
got your husband,
Johnny Walker's, attention.
So just give us a little
background of who you were,
what your life was like,
how this affected you,
and what happened on
that particular day
when Johnny recognized
something was up.
>>WALKER: Well, you know,
I was a mother, and a wife,
and a business owner,
and raising four kids.
So needless to stay, I had
a very stressful, busy life.
And I had to find something
to kind of level that out.
So I turned to meditation,
which helped me tremendously.
And as I would meditate,
I would hear things
or I would know things.
And one time I was
in a book store,
and you know, you've
heard the story,
books fall off onto your hands.
So I picked it up and I
took it home and I read it.
It was Opening to Channel.
And I started reading it.
And I think I only got into
like first two chapters.
And I said to my husband
John, I said, "I can do that.
I know I can do that."
He said, "Well good for you.
You just go for it."
So a few days later, I
decided I would try that.
And I was in our
living room and he
was in our bedroom
watching a football game.
So I started the process.
I said a prayer and I
called in my guardian angel.
And all of a sudden,
I was getting
this weird, weird feeling in
my body, in my solar plexus.
It was just really hard,
and it kind of scared me.
So I went into the
room where John was,
and I said, "Something's
happening really weird
in my body, and
I don't like it."
And he said, "Oh,
you'll be fine.
Go lay down on the bed,"
because he was really interested
in the ball game.
And so I did.
And the minute I lay down, this
booming voice came out of me
and start speaking.
Well, needless to say
John turned that TV off
in a New York minute.
And ran-- he had
this little recorder
that he would dictate
letters to his secretary on.
And he grabbed that
and came to the bedside
and started recording
what I had said.
And who it was, it
was three of my guide
that I had not known
on a conscious level.
One in particular stayed
with me for over 10 years
and would speak through me.
And it was mostly
things that pertained
to my life and my
growth in consciousness,
not so much from a universal
level or a collective level.
And it helped me tremendously
because-- his name was Eris,
and he was such a support
system and a teacher
to me that I came to
really depend on him.
So this went on for
a number of years.
It was in the late '90s,
I got a change in guides.
And archangel Ariel
started working with me.
And she's a very dynamic
being, and really represents
a very strong feminine presence.
And she taught me a
tremendous amount about myself
and my thinking process in
regards to me as a woman,
as a business owner, and
helping me to own my strengths.
So then I, all along this--
sometimes I would speak it.
Sometimes I would write it.
I would ask questions
and it would
be like I would take
dictation and they
would give me the answer.
And the agreement always was
you have to tell me who you are,
why you're here.
And then I'll decide.
Because I knew from
the very beginning
that my body belonged to
me and it was my choice.
And so that's the way
I've always operated.
And they've been very,
very kind and supportive.
>>REGINA: Well, I initially
found out about you
through our dear mutual
friend Sandie Sedgbeer.
And when I experienced
the channeling,
physically with you
in the room-- and this
also happened at the Human
Origins-- little Human Origins
conference we put together
here, a small group
of people including yourself.
And to me, this is
a real hallmark.
A lot of times people
believe they're channeling.
But I'm kind of strict
about that definition.
That's why I generally don't
have too many people that
do these things on the show.
Because otherwise it's
really more to-- it's
nice that someone
can do that but it's
more for promoting business
and so to speak than it often
is for getting
clarity on the whole.
And oftentimes it's not what
I call truly channeling.
It is more-- doing a reading.
And there's nothing
wrong with that.
There are great seers
and great readers.
But channeling is really
quite a different thing
where there has to be
this state of allowing.
And to me, the mark of
a really full experience
as the witness to it
is how the room feels.
Because normally when that
being comes into the space
to work through you, and
another woman who is also
an excellent channeler that I
know, the whole room changes.
The energy is
distinctly different.
And if it's a different
being that comes,
the whole room's energy
is completely different.
And so that's what
happens with you.
In fact one time, I remember
when we had our human origins
conference, I was knocked out
when they were talking to us.
It was hard to get up out
of my little chair and go.
>>WALKER: Well,
sometimes it depends
on the being and the
context of the message,
as to the energetics of it.
And sometimes it's very big.
And it does--
people fall asleep.
There is definitely a shift.
And the type of thing I do-
I don't do readings, per se,
or any of that.
It's more of a teaching, what
humanity needs to know now
in this time of change
and ascension process.
There are certain
things that humanity
needs to know about
themselves, and how
to alter this third
dimensional, dense matrix
they've been operating on.
So that's really, over
the last 10 years,
these transmissions are
all related to that.
And sometimes they--
most, I have to say,
all the time, they
apply to me as well as
to the collective consciousness.
So I've been very honored to
have, once I opened that door
and said, OK, I can do this
and I put no limits on it,
then I've had a full association
with many, many beings
that come for
specific-- they may only
come for short periods of time
or to relay a certain message.
And my thinking on
that, all along, was I
had to get out of the way.
If I was going to do this,
and I was going to allow it,
I needed to vacate my body and
allow them to come into my body
so that, energetically,
they were present,
as well as using
my voice to teach.
And so I kind of stand
over to the side.
It takes me a few
minutes to get into it--
not for as long as you'd think.
And I move away.
And I can feel, as I do that,
the being coming into my field.
And then he comes into,
or she, comes in this way
and into my body
and out this way.
>>REGINA: And you can feel it.
Anyone in the room, certainly,
if you have any sensitivities,
it's very obvious.
You can feel that.
And your personality,
as I've gotten
to know you a little
bit, is very much
as I was saying off
camera, kind of like water.
It's very flowing.
So you would seem to me to
be the ideal kind of person
that information could
easily flow through.
>>WALKER: Well, that has
always been my intention,
that I stay out of the way.
I keep my opinions out of it.
That this has nothing
to do with me.
I am only the vehicle.
>>REGINA: Was it hard to get
over the potential ridicule
factor, initially, when people
learned what you were doing?
Because channeling has always
had such a big giggle factor.
>>WALKER: Well, that's
why I was in the closet.
So anybody that could use
the information, a teacher
or people that did that type of
thing, that was perfectly OK.
Because then I didn't have to
subject myself to the ridicule.
And in the area in which I live
in, it's a very rigid area.
>>REGINA: It's part
of the Bible Belt.
>>WALKER: Yeah.
And so I don't discuss with
my neighbors or my friends
what I do.
>>REGINA: And I
don't think we have
to worry about them
being on Gaiam TV
because they
probably will not be.
>>WALKER: No, they absolutely
will not be visiting it.
>>REGINA: OK, so
you're still safe.
You're still safe in
your neighborhood.
>>WALKER: It's not
that I feel not safe.
They don't understand.
And it would take
too much of my energy
to try to explain something
that they couldn't
understand or wouldn't
be willing to understand,
so why bother.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
No, I agree.
>>WALKER: So this
has to go to people,
like people who watch Gaiam.
Who are open, and receptive,
and want to hear what
these beautiful
beings have to say.
They are so devoted to
humanity and so love us
that they are there, even
though we're not conscious,
because they really want
to be of assistance.
>>REGINA: We're
going to talk about,
you had mentioned this before,
about where humanity is going,
how we've evolved, and so forth.
That's the nature of
the line of questioning.
We're going to do a live
channeling session here.
And that is going to be the
line of questioning, on behalf
of all of us, to learn
more about our nature
as human beings and as
spirits and matter together.
So what I'd like to
do is, we're going
to let Joan take a minute
or two to get into her state
and let the being come through.
We don't know
exactly who it'll be.
It'll be a surprise for
all of us, including Joan.
So we'll allow a minute
or two for that to happen.
And then we will be
back in just a moment.
>>WALKER: Greetings.
It is I, Metatron.
I come to you at this
time as the overseer
of all realms of creation
that are related to form.
It is my duty to manage the
energies of all realms of form
at these times, to promote a
transformation and an ascension
not only of consciousness but
of the body, and the earth,
and form itself-- to accelerate
that form into a more
refined, energetic
configuration.
In the beginning,
the creation of form
was created to exemplify
the divine image,
the plan for all creation.
But with the expertise of
many creators, creator gods,
to bring it into a form
that expressed individuality
of many beings who only knew
themselves as part of the all
that is, as part of a
collective consciousness.
So when it was decided
by prime creator
to begin to expand
creation and include
this individualized
expression in denser forms,
however still maintaining
that higher refined frequency
of the nature of spirit to
be present while experiencing
individuality.
So this is why many realms, many
galaxies, many universes that
have form were
created, and grew,
and expanded
throughout creation.
>>REGINA: Should I ask
a question at this time,
or would you like to continue?
>>WALKER: I would like to
continue here for a little bit
longer to engage you in
a space where you begin
to shift your perception of who
you are, each one of you, who
you are as that divine essence.
Experiencing life fully and
wholly from that perspective,
as that individualized
expression.
When humanity fall-- fell
on earth, planet Earth,
it was a great,
devastating event.
And that separation was
magnified to such an extent
individuals could not
see themselves as divine,
could not see that they
were massive beings
with great potential.
They could only see and
experience their separation.
We have come, in these times
of change, for many of you
have begun to alter the
patterning of the energetics
of the earth and receive
the guidance, the light that
comes from the godhead,
to begin to shift
those old paradigms of rigid
fear, separation, unworthiness,
survival.
As you have accepted the light
and have begun to see yourself
differently from the perspective
of a more divine, vaster
expression, many things have
been altered and changed.
This must continue,
dear ones, in order
for this full ascension
process to occur.
The process is not just
your conscious awareness
that's involved.
It is all of the physical
realms of creation.
And this takes a being
embodied in a body
to bring about these
changes, for it
is the soul spirit,
embodied in a body,
that will make that shift
at a physical level.
Archangels, masters,
lords of light,
creator gods cannot do this.
It is you who are in possession
of a physical vehicle that
will shift that frequency
range of the vehicle itself
and bring about
this transformation.
Now I will take your questions.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
That was beautifully
put and you already
answered the first three,
as a matter of fact.
But I would like to
backtrack just a little bit.
The nature of the fall of human
consciousness, this bringing
together of spirit and
matter that occurred,
what was chiefly responsible
for the separation of spirit
and matter that created
this great separation
and this possibility for
us to fall into fear,
to succumb to outside, even
manipulations, and so forth,
because we weren't
whole any longer?
>>WALKER: It did not happen
in a day, a year, a month,
100 years.
It took billions of years for
that final cataclysm to occur.
There were many
experiments as beings
took form, very elevated
beings, 12th dimensional beings
of light, who took form
to experience themselves
not as separate but as
individual expressions,
creating various
life experiences.
There were also
many creator gods
who experimented with
the energetics that
were now in play to create form.
At first, Earth was a gaseous,
beautiful configuration
of various light frequencies
where these elevated beings
could come and
express themselves.
And then it began to
take on denser forms.
Not in the denseness that
you are familiar with today,
but denser forms.
And as they experimented with
these-- creating these denser
forms, their initial
purpose in this
was to see how dense they
could create form energetically
and still maintain that
12th dimensional matrix
or consciousness.
So that many beings
from the far reaches
of creation, that had never
experienced themselves separate
from, or as unique, could
come and experience themselves
as individual expressions
of the divine.
So these creators had
a blueprint to follow.
It was the original
blueprint for creation.
And they strayed
from that blueprint
as they created various
energetics to make denser form.
Many experiments were done.
And as they experimented,
as you can imagine,
some of these experiments
were faulty-- didn't work.
So instead of
eliminating them totally,
they pushed them aside.
And what happened
was these forms
that they had created that
had anomalies within them
energetically were just floating
out in the realms of creation,
especially in the
vicinity of those
that had some semblance of form.
And because they were
creative energetics,
these anomalies began to
mutate and begin to replicate.
And this is what
contributed to the fall
in consciousness, because
the environment became
contaminated.
It became more dense.
And these energies
of separation,
rather than individuality,
began to replicate
over and over and over again.
Many of the archangels
were called forth
to stop these mutations
and these replications
within these various
experiments that
had gone wrong energetically.
And they worked very
diligently because they
are masters of light
energy, masters of energy.
Many creator gods, the
original creator gods,
came over hundreds
of thousands of years
of what you perceive as time
to stop this replication
because these anomalies
kept mutating as themselves
and then replicating.
It wasn't until
2003 of your time
before those replications
were successfully stopped.
So these anomalies
could not continue
to replicate like themselves.
And this was due
to many who were
able to receive these higher
frequencies of light that
have been continually bombarding
your planet for a long time
now.
So when this
replication was ceased,
many changes could occur,
and are occurring, now
where people,
beings, humans, also
beings from other
planetary systems,
began to see the beauty
of their soul spirit.
Began to see the
complexities of themselves,
the layeredness of their
energetic configuration.
And began to open and
flower their consciousness.
This is what is occurring now.
And it is a beautiful
process to observe
as we stand to
support, and to guide,
and to teach in
these coming times.
Here again, you
have experienced--
the worlds of form have
experienced themselves
in separation, in fear,
in less than, unable to.
And they don't recognize
themselves as the creators
that they are.
They don't recognize the
beauty of who they are.
But they are beginning
to open and to see
that there's more here
than they realized.
And as this process occurs, it
stimulates others to follow.
In these times of
denseness and separation,
humanity has experienced
every configuration
they could possibly
create in that separation.
It is like a rubber band that
has been pulled and extended
to their limits.
They have experienced themselves
in great fear, in separation,
in unworthiness, fearful
of their survival--
in every possible way.
And now they are letting go so
the band begins to contract.
And they are seeing
themselves totally different.
They are seeing themselves
more in the configuration
of who they were created to be.
It is a beautiful event that
is transpiring on your planet.
>>REGINA: What a
beautiful explanation.
Thank you, Metatron.
I would like to also
know-- this process you
talk about it of this-- the
creative process can be messy,
as you just spoke
about, especially
distorted through
vast amounts of time.
Is this a process
that also occurs
in other universes, solar
systems, planetary systems
and so forth?
Or is there something unique
to what happened here on Earth?
>>WALKER: Unique in
that Earth is unique.
>>REGINA: Why so?
>>WALKER: Earth is
a Christed planet.
>>REGINA: What does that mean?
>>WALKER: Now, yes,
I'm glad you said that.
Does not relate to
a being, a person.
Christed means anointed.
A Christed being, as
is all humans in form
are Christed beings.
They are the image of the
wholeness of the divine,
of the all that is, as is
that planet, as Earth is.
It was created
billions of years ago
in a 12th dimensional matrix,
very high frequency matrix,
to exemplify the original
template for creation
in its perfection.
But yet with the allowances made
for individualized expression
of the soul spirit.
It was created because
many other worlds of form,
many other galaxies,
universes, had
begun to stray greatly from
that original blueprint
or matrix, energetic
matrix of the original plan
of the expansion of
creation, whether it
be physical or nonphysical.
So there were many solar
systems that strayed.
And the solar system of
which Earth is a part
was a huge factor in that.
In this sector of the universe--
there are many universes,
but in this sector
of the universe that
is composed of many galaxies
and many, many solar systems,
Earth was created to exemplify
that original template,
the original blueprint
for expansion of creation
in the perfection in which it
stemmed from prime creator.
So it reflected to
within the solar system
and within the galaxy,
and in all galaxies
in this sector of the universe.
It reflected that
image that they
had lost because of the
anomalies they created.
And because they
could no longer see
the perfection of who they were,
and the blueprint that they
were to follow for
their creation.
So this was a great impetus
for these planetary systems
to come back into their
wholeness of expression
and creation, which
many of them did.
And it was of a grand
escalation that took place
within various solar
systems as Earth continually
reflected that image.
And when the earth began
to create more density,
with the intention of expressing
that through the density,
then anomalies were
created on Earth.
And gradually, very
gradually, the consciousness,
the dimensions that were
available began to decline.
And as it declined, the
light and the perfection
that was once emanated
could not be maintained.
So many beings from these
other planetary systems,
who had benefited greatly
from Earth as the Christed
reflection, would come
to try to show a better
way, to show some of these
creators who were manipulating
various energetics of the
Earth to create this density.
And for a while they
were successful.
But this could
not be maintained.
So when it declined to
lower than an 8th dimension,
these beings left, because it
was no longer energetically
compatible for them to stay.
And the decline continued until
the time that those on Earth
were about to destroy that
beautiful Christed planet,
and it would cease to exist,
it would be no longer.
>>REGINA: When was that?
At what point in our
history was that?
>>WALKER: That was about
a billion years ago
in what you perceive of time.
Sanat Kumara, Lord Sanat
Kumara, came forward
and petitioned the vast realms
of creation, prime creator,
to not allow this total
disintegration of what
had originally been created,
because it would go into just
vast particles to
be recycled, again
into some other creative form.
He said one of the missing links
was this element of love which
brings about a unity
within creation,
that he would hold that
frequency range for Earth
until Earth could hold it
for themselves, which he did.
And he held it for hundreds
of thousands and millions
of years.
At that time, to prevent
the total disintegration,
because so many
earth energies had
been part of this energetic
decline, the realms of form
were so deteriorated that a new
matrix had to be put in place.
And that matrix, it was decided,
was a third dimensional matrix.
And there were many
downsides to this.
It would save the
denseness of the planet
where it could be maintained
energetically and physically,
but it was so dense
it would take millions
of years for humanity
to extricate themselves
from that dense separation
fear based matrix.
>>REGINA: I think many people
listening to your words
relate very strongly to that.
And oftentimes it
feels-- and I would
like you to speak to the
individual souls listening
to this, on that level, because
many times these days people
will say, that's it.
This is my final incarnation.
I'm not going back.
Let's talk about
the nature of what
happens when a soul has
committed through such
a process and then
becomes, essentially,
trapped in that process through
a lowering of frequencies.
And the process of
moving ourselves back,
as you said in the beginning,
we're beginning to do that--
through love and
allowing our awareness
to expand into lighter realms
of knowledge, it's starting.
But can you talk to
individual souls?
Many are depressed.
There are some who leave
their bodies intentionally.
Many who are dying earlier than
usual right now, at young ages,
because it's so hard to handle.
>>WALKER: Yes, the shifts
are tremendous that
are taking place, on a
physical level as well
as an energetic level.
And it brings about a memory
in these beautiful beings who
have been here
since the beginning.
>>REGINA: Yes.
People need to respect
themselves for this journey.
>>WALKER: And they
know what it was prior.
And they know how they were
caught in the denseness
and how grief stricken
they have been.
Because there is such
variances in the energetics
right now, as they are
realigning, coming more
into a more functional
fifth dimensional state,
that memory of the trauma and
the devastation that took place
is ignited in many
of these beings.
And they say, that's it.
I'm done.
I cannot do this again.
And the memory and the anguish
is very real in their space.
Even though it may look
like, on the surface,
that things are aligning
in the same configuration,
know that they are not.
There is a vast difference here.
And that difference
is, first of all,
the amount of light
frequencies that are available
and the more refined nature
of those frequencies.
Secondly, the number of beings
embodied, the unnamed masters
that walk the Earth
at this time, who
are able to maintain
a consciousness
of their individuality at a
much different level-- they
are making the difference.
They are holding, very stablely,
those higher frequencies
so that they can
grow and expand.
Also, since these mutations
have been altered and stopped,
the decline cannot occur.
So even though on the
surface it may feel the same
and it may look the
same, it is not the same.
These beings who
feel like that, that
are in the vast majority
of beings who embodied
through 19-- your 1970s
were here before then.
They're very courageous beings.
They had an option,
early on in the decline
of this planet, when it began to
fall beneath eighth dimension.
And many vacated.
Many left.
They were courageous and said
no, I can make a difference.
I will ride this out.
And they did, but to no avail.
It fell.
So lifetime after lifetime
they came back again
because they felt they failed.
And they had to
continue because that
is the intention, the
vow that they made,
that they would
make a difference.
So every embodiment
keeps them coming back
because there is a part
of their consciousness
that believes they failed.
I am here to tell
you, you did not fail.
And every lifetime that
you have come back,
even though it has been
what you would judge
as a horrific lifetime,
there was a presence of love,
a presence of light that you
held in that incarnation that
made a difference as does this
one that you are in right now.
>>REGINA: When you're talking
about that remembrance,
one of the ways that I witnessed
humanity and their remembrance
is that it brings
tears to our eyes
when we see moments of extreme
beauty, compassion, love,
beauty of any kind.
There is something
about it that transcends
our daily experience.
That-- and I mean
genuine, authentic beauty
whether it's on an
emotional, behavioral level,
a physical level, a sound level.
It seems as though that is the
indicator of our remembrance.
>>WALKER: Yes.
>>REGINA: The tears that happen.
>>WALKER: And the
remembrance of the beauty.
And you may equate that
with physical beauty,
but there is a beauty beyond
that, that the soul remembers.
>>REGINA: You hear an
angelic voice, for example,
someone with an angelic voice,
and everyone bursts into tears.
They just-- they don't
know where it comes from.
>>WALKER: Because
of the frequency
range that that being has
been able to exemplify.
And that remembrance
is triggered.
>>REGINA: It seems that the
whole aspect you talked about,
about fear that has overrun
the planet now for however
long, hundreds of thousands,
millions of years,
however long that has been--
throughout the earlier
incarnations, in Lemuria,
Mu, Atlantis, and so forth,
and into Egypt and then on now
into modern history-- at what
point did the fear really
start taking control of us
to where we couldn't
find ourselves anymore?
And is that the part,
now, that is going away
because-- are you saying
that we can't be manipulated
from other realms and within in
the same way, now, since 2003?
Or what?
>>WALKER: Correct.
Because those
mutations have stopped.
They still are present,
so you're still
seeing such variances
in the acting
out of certain
dimensional realms now.
But the anomalies
themselves cannot replicate.
So, that fear, that separation,
that survival pattern
eventually will be eliminated.
>>REGINA: Well, that
will be a good day.
Because right now,
everything that's in our view
is-- it almost seems like it's
placed there to propagate fear.
There are exceptions.
There are beautiful beings and
there are beautiful sources
of music, literature,
information.
But in the common sense,
for the masses of people,
in mass media in particular,
it seems like the whole point
is to continue to
reinforce fear.
>>WALKER: Yes.
So it's important that those
of you who are waking up,
who are awake, begin to
look around and notice
what is occurring that
contributes to this ascension
process.
Not from the glamorization of
this old negative patterning
that is in your media, in
the forefront of your media.
You need to notice,
in your everyday life,
your interactions, how
you made a difference.
If it is so as simple
as being in a store,
saying to the attendant,
"Have a nice day.
Thank you for helping me."
And you made a shift
in that person's life
because the person before
you argued with them
or told them they were stupid.
And you changed that.
It's important for you
to notice these things.
Notice how when you
are in groups and you
gather with like-minded
people, the benefit of that.
Notice and draw
attention to things
that are not very
well publicized
about people who are gathering
together to help others,
to change a system
that is so dense.
Notice these things
and tell others.
For it's in noticing them that
you expand and magnify them.
If you only focus
on what is wrong,
you will never see
the beautiful things
that are being created now.
And you can then build on those.
Because as you tell others, "Did
you see what this group did?
We can do this over here."
And you begin to create with
these higher frequencies
of light, altering
the energetics,
sustaining the energetics
of fifth dimension
so it can be more present.
This is a beautiful dimension.
Fifth dimension is such
a beautiful dimension
of energetics, of
possibilities for creation.
You have to notice those
possibilities in order
to use them.
But there's multiples
upon multiples
of avenues to create right now.
Time becomes more circular.
It is no longer linear.
You are more in
the present moment.
And this is the only place
you can create, beloved.
You can't create from an
event that happened before.
It's already done.
Create from the now and
you alter your future.
But you must notice what
it is you are creating
and how you're creating it, and
how you share it and expand it.
>>REGINA: I would
like to now talk
about everything you've
mentioned, condensing it down
into our physical and
emotional reality.
Because it seems as though
there are neurological changes
that are taking place within our
brains and within our bodies.
And maybe you can share, because
some people think they're sick
or they're ill, something
terrible is going on.
Other people are finding,
as this one here,
that their bodies are
now relieved of pain.
Everyone's experiencing
it differently.
So can you talk about
what to be aware
of in our neurological changes
and our emotional changes?
And then what we can do with
the physical bodies to help
prepare ourselves for more
refinement on this level.
>>WALKER: When Earth fell, and
this third dimensional matrix
encased it, there were
many repercussions of that,
not only to the Earth itself
in this dense configuration,
but to the human body.
Everything no longer
functioned as a unit.
The brain, the neurological
system, became fragmented,
and only parts of it functioned.
The DNA strands
were disconnected.
Only two function that
related to being in a body
through replication
or regeneration
of that physical body.
All the other ones
were not viable.
And some of your scientists
even today say it's junk DNA.
Oh, it is not.
Your mental body, your
emotional body, was separated.
Do you know, as creators
in form, the way you create
is through thought coupled
with an emotion that
creates the reality?
If those two bodies are
operating in fear and density,
you cannot create
as a Christed being.
So all of these things, as
more refined light frequencies
are available, as more
beings are awakening,
these things are beginning
to come back into that unity.
So unity consciousness
does not--
it is a far reaching
unity, a unification that
has to be taken in the
body, in the physicality,
at a cellular level.
So as the brain, the
neurological system,
begins to become more unified
and draw from the higher
realms of creation, the
mind of the all that
is, that neurological
system has to come online
in a new configuration to bring
in those thoughts and feelings
into the body.
And the being, the human, begins
to learn to use their thoughts
and their emotions differently
from a much different level,
rather than that dense,
lower, fear-based level.
They begin to operate from
happiness, from confidence,
from I can instead of I can't.
So there's a whole
new level of thought
that begins to come online.
There's a whole new level of
emotions that get accessed.
When that happens, the body is
still a third dimensional body,
and it has a difficult
time with these changes,
especially if they're
happening in rapid succession.
Because as people
awake, they become
very-- they're in a hurry.
I want it all and I want it now.
So they start to work
with their energetics.
And as they do, then that
has effect on the physical.
So as these parts
of the brain begin
to open and be stimulated by the
soul spirit of that individual,
sometimes the body as the
brain is being expanded
and these cavities within
the brain are activated,
they will feel ill.
They are not.
They will feel-- they
will have headaches,
either in the
front of their head
or in the back of their
head or above their ears.
They will feel
parts of their body
begin to give them trouble
because of this unification
that has to take place.
The whole chemical system
has to be realigned,
chemically reconfigured.
Well, it stands to
reason your body's going
to have a big challenge in this.
When you have to produce
a different chemical,
you have to produce
a different way
in which the cell functions.
So the digestive
system is compromised
because you can't
take all that in.
And you feel nauseous
because the digestive system
can't assimilate very
quickly these changes that
are occurring on
a cellular system.
But I assure you that
if you bring in light
and you send it to those
areas in the body that
are compromised, you don't
try to move too quickly,
you rest when you feel you
must rest, and most importantly
begin to see that all
of this has purpose
in the unification of
you at a physical level.
So that body, then, is upgraded
to a fifth dimensional level
that is far less dense
and operates in more unity
so that you have health,
well being, longevity.
And you know what else happens?
That birth-death configuration
of third dimension is altered
and the body does
not age as it once
did because of this
unification, this alteration
at a cellular and
a molecular level.
The neurological
system is a big part
of that, in that communication
between the all that is
and the body, and the amount
of energetic templates that
are transmitted to help
alter that configuration.
It can happen in ease if you
don't focus on the fear of oh
my gosh, what is
happening in my body.
>>REGINA: And I would think,
this building you're in,
this company here was
originally founded and based
in the practice of yoga.
And historically, I would
think that that's probably
a very good way to keep
the neurological, physical,
and emotional systems starting
to come into alignment.
Is that a good practice?
>>WALKER: Absolutely.
The breath is an integral part
of this process, the oxygen
that is brought into the system.
And as it begins to
flow within the system,
it helps you to alter
the fluids in the body.
Through the oxygenation
that is present in the blood
you can add frequencies
of light that
begin to then flow
more energetically,
coherently throughout
the body and begin
to diminish that carbon base
so that the blood then flows
to the various organs,
to the glandular system,
and more efficiently begins
to make these changes.
So relaxation, breathing,
moving the body slowly but very
intentionally teaches
you many things.
It teaches you to focus
your thoughts, to be aware,
and in that focus you better
create your life experience
because you choose the
thought that you will think.
You choose the feeling
that you adhere to it.
Yoga, through the breath,
through relaxation,
teaches you to focus
the mind and disengage
that rational part
that is continually
chattering and
causing fragmentation.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And one of the
traits of humanity
has been that we have had
it instilled into to us
that what's responsible
is to do our duty
and be responsible
citizens of this planet.
No one ever says be joyful
And so as we wrap up this
part of our conversation
and whatever you would
like to also impart,
can you speak to our
need for joy and play
versus responsibility and duty?
>>WALKER: You don't have to
eliminate your sense of duty
and responsibility to have joy,
because they go hand in hand.
What you do have
to do is you have
to live in the present moment.
Because this is the only
place that you will find joy,
is in observing yourself
as spirit in the moment.
This is where you will find
joy, where you will feel joy.
Vastly different from happiness.
Happiness has a
upside and a downside.
Joy is pure and radiant and
of a much different frequency.
It emanates outward
into the environment
and engages others
to want to follow,
because you model what
it's like to create
in the present moment in joy.
And yes, that is
being responsible.
>>REGINA: Yes.
That is a new type
of responsibility.
Metatron, is there
a final comment
on this topic range that you
would like to make at this time
before we get Joan back?
And thank you.
>>WALKER: I would like to
encourage all embodied beings
to notice their beauty,
to notice their power,
to notice how complex
of a being you are.
You have known for some time
you are not just your body.
Begin to notice how you use
your body under the direction
of your soul spirit, how
you create beauty everywhere
you walk if you operate in
the present moment with focus
and intention to expand creation
and to exemplify your Christed
nature.
Many have gathered
to support you,
but this one thing you
must do for yourself.
We will support you.
We will love you.
We will send you vast
frequencies of light,
but you must take
this step for you.
>>REGINA: Indeed,
and Metatron, thank
you so much for coming
here and gracing us
all with your wisdom, and love,
and energies in this space.
And until next time, thank
you on behalf of all of us.
>>WALKER: You are most welcome.
I am honored to have
been here today.
Blessings.
>>REGINA: Welcome back.
>>WALKER: Thank you.
>>REGINA: That was beautiful.
That was really lovely.
I think that many,
many people are
going to share that
information with others.
And I certainly encourage
anyone to let their loved ones
know about these messages
that have just come through
for all of us, very important.
>>WALKER: That's what it's
all about, it's just noticing,
noticing what's right instead
of what's need to be changed.
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
And you and I are going to
have another conversation,
a little later, another program.
And so for now, thank
you so much Joan
for coming out of the closet
and joining us publicly,
on camera, doing
your channeling.
>>WALKER: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I know it's
a big breakthrough.
>>WALKER: I am very
delighted and honored.
>>REGINA: I hope this has given
you a lot of food for thought.
I'm planning on having
Joan back again,
as I've already told you.
And she's going to bring through
her associates on other topics.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]